ReadMe.md, before:

In this repository you can practise with usingn various features and quirks of git.

There are various things to interact with:
* `.gitignore` - In here you can put various rules for files to be ignored.
* `.gitattributes` - In this file you can specify various files to be reated in a special way by git, such as having images be stored with LFS (Large File Storage), forcing line endings or marking files as binary.
* `Setup.exe` - A windows executable that sets up the repository with various files to practice your git with. The source code can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/Pheubel/f62673952fb1e04bf658809775fcfbbc).

# Instructions
0. Fork this repository, this will allow you to have your own copy.
1. Run `Setup.exe`, it will create two folders; `AttributePractice` and `IgnorePractice`, inside are a couple of files to help demonstrate what effects the current git files have. `Setup.exe` only works on windows, you can easily enough add your own files to mess around with it.
2. Experiment (o゜▽゜)o☆

Commit message:

added hint for where the fork button is

ReadMe.md, after:

In this repository you can practise with usingn various features and quirks of git.

There are various things to interact with:
* `.gitignore` - In here you can put various rules for files to be ignored.
* `.gitattributes` - In this file you can specify various files to be reated in a special way by git, such as having images be stored with LFS (Large File Storage), forcing line endings or marking files as binary.
* `Setup.exe` - A windows executable that sets up the repository with various files to practice your git with. The source code can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/Pheubel/f62673952fb1e04bf658809775fcfbbc).

# Instructions
0. Fork this repository, this will allow you to have your own copy. You can find the fork button in the top right.
1. Run `Setup.exe`, it will create two folders; `AttributePractice` and `IgnorePractice`, inside are a couple of files to help demonstrate what effects the current git files have. `Setup.exe` only works on windows, you can easily enough add your own files to mess around with it.
2. Experiment (o゜▽゜)o☆
